---
layout: post
title: "Release v1.2"
date: 2014-08-06 14:30:00
author: 1
---

We recently pushed a new release full of features and bug fixes. Take a look!

### Search Feature has been implemented.

  - Search Results are split up based on visitor contact information and conversation search.  Both will link to their chat in the Archive.
  - Search Icon has replaced Sign-Out in Small Glass, users can log out in the pull out menu

### HTML5 Notifications have been implemented

  - Notifications will appear for new messages if the user has allowed Notifications in the Admin.
  - Clicking on the notification will open up the conversation in ChatBlend.
  - Closing the notification will do nothing.
  - If you stop getting notifications, make sure you do not have pending ones in your Notification Menu on your Operating System.

### Error / Notice / Success Messaging:

  - Login errors now appear instead of blank screens.
  - Will will continue to add these to alert the user when settings are saved.

### Archive

  - Archive is now styled and is paginated.  You can load more pages by clicking the "load more" or scroll down to the bottom and it will auto load more.
  - Restyled the view conversation screen.
  - Visitor information is now shown on the conversation screen.
  - When you unarchive a conversation, it goes back to the Campaign screen with the conversation opened.

Long Custom Titles are now truncated with an ellipsis in the Campaign Screen.
SMS Count Alert has been suppressed.

### Bug Fixes

  - Quick Reply does not work on first conversation
  - Sometimes a response back to the client does not go through
  - Dates are slightly cut off from the top
  - Add space after city in conversation
  - Archive all conversations should not be removing all the conversations
  - When you start a conversation (or resumed from archive) icon does not stop flashing
  - Suppress Visitors Completely
  - Make archive screen more friendly. Dates, Visitor names, etc.
  - Show messages when 0 or > 1 conversations available
  - Ordering off on the Conversation and Archive
  - Long polling messages still show a phantom conversation
  - Login error messages for incorrect logins
  - Disregard conversations/visitors with only auto responder(s)
  - Date formatting mismatch on messages
  - Polish Conversation view: date formatting consistency
  - Polish conversation view: date month -1
  - Mobile: counts in channel bar don't decrease on archive
  - "No Active Conversations" should not require a click to show